c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\obj\x86\Debug\LastStandInSpace.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\LastStandInSpace.exe
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\LastStandInSpace.pdb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\obj\x86\Debug\LastStandInSpace.exe
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\obj\x86\Debug\LastStandInSpace.pdb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Font.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Shaders\BloomCombine.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Shaders\BloomExtract.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Shaders\GaussianBlur.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-01.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-02.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-03.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-04.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-05.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-06.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-07.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\explosion-08.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\shoot-01.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\shoot-02.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\shoot-03.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\shoot-04.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-01.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-02.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-03.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-04.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-05.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-06.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-07.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\spawn-08.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\Music.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Black Hole.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Bullet.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Glow.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Laser.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Player.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Pointer.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Seeker.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\Wanderer.xnb
c:\users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Sound\Music.wma
C:\Users\jdadak\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\LastStandInSpace\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Textures\background.xnb
